BRITNEY WONG3 Crest Road, East Brunswick, NJ 08816 | (732) 991-1940 | email: brwong@syr.edu Skills SummarySkilled in leadership, teamwork, event planning, communication and organization through several leadership positions throughout high school and college. Capable of using various different social media platforms, such as Instagram, Facebook, Snapchat, YouTube, Pinterest, etc. Experience in software, such as MS Word, MS PowerPoint, MS Excel, iMovie, and Adobe Premiere. Fluent in two languages – English and Cantonese and conversational in French. EducationB.S. in Advertising | Expected Grad: Dec 2021 | Syracuse UniversityS.I. Newhouse School of Public Communications. Digital Advertising emphasis. Minor in Information Management and Technology. Dean’s List Honoree for 2 semesters. Member of alpha Kappa Delta Phi. Member of Asian Students in America.High School Diploma | Jun 2018 | East Brunswick High SchoolPresidential Award. Member of French Honor Society. Member of National English Honor Society. Founder and member of Crescendo. Member of Asian American Studies Club.ExperienceTNH Advertising AgencyGreenhouse | Syracuse, NY | Sep 2019 – PresentGain knowledge in different departments of the agency (strategy, creative, account management, media planning, etc). Collaborate with team members to create a creative campaign. Effectively pitch creative campaign to executive board members. Won most creative campaign out of 10+ teams.Feng Cha TeahouseBarista | Syracuse, NY | Aug 2019 – PresentPrepare and serve hot or cold beverages, such as milk tea, blended drinks, or fruit teas. Take customer orders and convey them to other employees. Receive and process customer payments. Describe menu items to customers or suggest products that might appeal to them. Clean and sanitize work areas, utensils, and equipment.KumonTutor | East Brunswick, NJ | Jan 2018 – Aug 2018Grade students' worksheets and answer any questions they may have. Assess students' progress throughout session. Maintain records of students' worksheet results and assign homework. Organize environment to promote productivity and learning.LeadershipCharter Member, Fundraising Chair, Rush Chair | alpha Kappa Delta Phi International Sorority, Inc. | Aug 2019 - PresentHelped charter the Syracuse University chapter of alpha Kappa Delta Phi International Sorority, Inc. and brought the organization onto campus. Plan logistics and host both fundraising and recruitment events. Manage spreadsheets for organizing amount of orders during fundraising events. Work with creative director to create posters to promote events. Previously: academic chairFounder, Vice President | Crescendo | Sep 2016 – Jun 2018Created this club along with 7 other students at East Brunswick High School to provide students who have no professional musical backgrounds with an outlet to perform. Communicate information between the school’s administration and club members. Provide assistance to the president. Organize logistics for events. Previously: secretary Secretary | Asian American Studies Club | Sep 2015 – Jun 2018Communicate information between the schools’ administration and club members. Provide assistance to other executive board members. Take attendance at every meeting. Organize points system for members. 2